I've got some word that some guy named Uncle Misha claims I
use HLFX code in my mirror rendering class. Let me just say
this out loud: No.
I don't use HLFX code because I'm not fond of HLFX, it's v-
ery slow and I just don't rely on others' code unless it's
totally necessary. Also second, if I already wrote most of
this code entirely by myself, why do you think I'd mess ar-
ound with others' works if I can write it up all myself? I
don't need the HLFX mirror code to write something this si-
mple up after writing most of Trinity solely by myself. The
thing is, it's all original work. HLFX and it's team are s-
imply renowned for being overly too proud of their work and
their arrogance. Pay no attention.

Second thing: Xash. I know a lot of people complained about
all sorts of bugs they had with Trinity when it's used und-
er Xash. Well the thing is I don't care about Xash and I w-
on't, I only care how Trinity performs under GoldSrc. Xash
is a buggy lego programming work and I don't support it be-
ing used with Trinity. Stick to GoldSrc, Trinity works per-
fectly with it.

Third thing. I hear that some rather oblivious people are h-
aving problems when running Trinity under Geforce 5 graphics
cards. Well the thing is, Geforce 5 is total garbage, and I
think you should have your parents buy you an actual graphi-
cs card. Believe me, I used one of those and tested Trinity
on it. It just doesn't work. Geforce 5 hates shaders and I'm
not going to bother programming for a faulty graphics card
series that's also old. Even Valve can verify for you that
it's junk.

Trinity Management.